                                        EXHIBIT ‘B’
Condominium of GREENLEAF TRANQUIL formed in accordance with the provisions of the
Karnataka Apartment Ownership Act, 1972 and the Rules framed there under in 1974.

                                        BYE – LAWS
(As per proforma given in Exhibit ‘B’ of Form-A prescribed by Rule 3 of the Karnataka
Apartment Ownership Rules, 1974).

                                         CHAPTER-I
1.    SHORT TITLE AND APPLICATION:

1.1   These Bye-laws shall be called the Bye-laws of the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL.

1.2   The provisions of these Bye-laws shall apply to the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL building
      constructed on the Property situated at 4 th Main Road, Malleshwaram, BBMP Ward No.7,
      Bengaluru.

1.3   All present and future owners, tenants, future tenants or their employees, licenses or any
      other person who might use the facilities of the building in any manner, are subject to the
      regulation set forth in these Bye-laws.

1.4   The mere acquisition, or rental, or taking on license of any of the dwelling Units
      (hereinafter referred to as the “UNIT”) of the Building, or mere act of occupancy of any of
      the said Units, will signify that these Bye-laws are accepted, ratified and will be complied
      with.

2.    DEFINITION:
      In these Bye-laws, unless the context requires otherwise:

2.1   “ACT” means the Karnataka Apartment Ownership Act, 1972.

2.2   “ASSOCIATION” means the Association of all the Apartment Owners constituted by such
      owners for the purpose of the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL.

2.3   “BOARD” means a Board of Managers consisting of 4 persons, all of whom shall be
      owners of the Apartments in the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL building.

2.4   “BUILDING” means the building located at Property bearing Municipal No.115, PID
      No.7-3-115, situated at 4th Main Road, Malleshwaram, BBMP Ward No.7, Bengaluru and
      known as GREENLEAF TRANQUIL and includes the land forming part thereof.

2.5   “DECLARATION” means the Declaration which the sole owner of the building has
      executed and registered as provided in Section 2 of the Karnataka Apartment Ownership
      Act, 1972.

2.6   “MAJORITY OF OWNERS” means those owners holding 51% of the votes in accordance
      with the percentages assigned in the Declaration.




                                                                                                1
2.7     “OWNER” or “APARTMENT OWNER” means the person owning an Apartment in the
        GREENLEAF TRANQUIL and holding 1 share of GREENLEAF TRANQUIL

2.8     “SECTION” means a Section of the Act.

2.9     “UNIT” means a dwelling unit in the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL

2.10    “REGISTRAR” means the Registrar of Co-operative Societies.

3.      APARTMENT OWNERSHIP:
        The building located at Property bearing Municipal No.115, PID No.7-3-115, situated at
        4th Main Road, Malleshwaram, BBMP Ward No.7, Bengaluru and known as
        GREENLEAF TRANQUIL is submitted to the provisions of Karnataka Apartment
        Ownership Act, 1972.

4.      OBJECTIONS OF ASSOCIATION:

4.1     The Objects of the Association shall be:

4.1.1   to be and to act as the Association of the Apartment Owners of the building called
        GREENLEAF TRANQUIL constructed on the Property situated at 4th Main Road,
        Malleshwaram, BBMP Ward No.7, Bengaluru, who have filed their respective
        Declarations submitting their Apartments to the provisions of the Act.

4.1.2   To invest or deposit money:

4.1.3   To provide for the maintenance, repair and replacement of the common areas and facilities
        by receiving contributions from the Apartment Owners in GREENLEAF TRANQUIL if
        necessary by raising loans for that purpose.

4.1.4   To provide for and do all and any of the matters provided in Sub-Section(2) of Section 16;

4.1.5   to frame additional rules, with the approval of the General Meeting of the Association and
        after consulting the Competent Authority and may establish such funds as the General
        Body may deem fit for the benefit of the employees of the Association.

4.1.6   To do all things necessary and/or otherwise provide for the welfare, expedient for the
        attainment of the objects, specified in these Bye-laws.

4.2     The Association shall not act beyond the scope of its object without duly amending the
        provision of these Bye-laws for the purpose.

5.      MEMBERS OF ASSOCIATION:

5.1     All persons who have purchased constructed Apartments in the GREENLEAF
        TRANQUIL shall execute respective Declarations under Section 5(ii) of the Karnataka
        Apartment Ownership Act, 1972, submitting their Apartments to the provisions of the Act.
        All persons who become the owner of the Apartment, shall acquire 1 share of the
        GREENLEAF TRANQUIL by paying Rs._________ and on acquisition, shall become
        the member of the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL and be bound by the Deed of Declaration
        and Exhibits thereto.

                                                                                                 2
5.2   Upon any Apartment Owner selling his/her Apartment, or absolutely conveying the same
      by way of Gift under his/her will or otherwise, the purchaser or done or any person
      become owner, shall compulsorily become a member of the Association and shall acquire
      10 Shares of the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL.

5.3   On the death of an Apartment Owner, his/her Apartment shall be transferred to the person
      or persons to whom he/she bequeathed the same by his/her WILL or to the legal
      representatives of his/her estate in case he/she is not having made any specific bequest of
      the Apartment. The name of the legatee, or the name of the legal representatives jointly
      shall be entered in the Registrar of Apartment Owners maintained by the Secretary, for the
      purpose of administration of the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL as Apartment Owners.
      Where any legatee is a minor, any person appointed under a WILL, will look after the
      minor’s interest. Such legatee or legal heir/s shall compulsorily acquire by way of transfer
      of shares.

5.4   For the purpose of such transfer, the Association has allotted shares to each of the
      Apartment Owners and on such transfer of ownership, the shares would have to be
      compulsorily transferred in favour of the Transferee on payment of Rs._______/- which
      will be duly endorsed by the Association as per this Rules and recorded in the register of
      members and shares.

6.    JOINT APARTMENT OWNERS:
      Where any Apartment has been purchased by two or more persons jointly, they shall be
      jointly entitled to the Apartment and the shares of the Association shall be issued in their
      joint names, but the person whose names stands first in the Share Certificate shall alone
      have the right to vote.

7.    DISQUALIFICATION:
      No Apartment Owner shall be entitled to vote on the question of the election of members
      of the Board of the President, Secretary, Treasurer, or any other Office Bearer, or be
      entitled to stand for election to such office, if he/she is in arrears on the last day of the year
      in respect of his/her contribution for common expenses to the Association for more than 60
      days.

                                          CHAPTER – II
                             VOTING, QUORUM AND PROXIES
8.    VOTING:
      Each Apartment Owner and share holder whether joint owner or otherwise will have the
      right of one vote for each Apartment.

9.    QUORUM:
      Except as otherwise provided in these Bye-laws, the presence in person of a majority of
      owners shall constitute a Quorum.

10.   VOTE TO BE CAST IN PERSONS:
      Votes shall be cast in person, or by his/her/their duly constituted Power of Attorney
      Holder.


                                                                                                      3
                                         CHAPTER – III
                                      ADMINISTRATION
11.    POWERS AND DUTIES OF ASSOCIATION:
       The Association will have the responsibility of administrating the maintenance of the
       Building, common areas and the annual maintenance etc., approving the Annual Budget,
       establishing and collecting monthly assessments and arranging for the management of the
       Apartments in an efficient manner.

12.    PLACE OF MEETINGS:
       Meetings of the Association shall be held at a suitable place, convenient to the Owners in
       the building.

13.    ANNUAL MEETING:
       The First Annual Meeting of the Association shall be held within a period of One Year.
       Thereafter, the Annual Meetings of the Association shall be held at the end of every 12
       months of the prior Annual Meeting for succeeding years. At such meetings, there shall be
       elected by Ballot of the Apartment Owners, Board of Office Bearers. The Owners may
       also transact such other business of the Association as may properly come before them.

14.    SPECIAL MEETINGS:
       It shall be the duty of the President to call a Special Meeting of the Apartment Owners, as
       directed by a resolution of the Board, or upon a petition signed by a majority of the
       Owners and having been presented to the Secretary, or any person authorized under the
       Act, in this regard. The notice of any Special Meeting shall state the place, the time of such
       meeting and the purpose thereof. No other business shall be transacted at a Special
       Meeting except as stated in the Notice without the consent of four-fifths of the Owners
       present in person.

15.    NOTICE OF MEETINGS:

15.1   It shall be the duty of the Secretary to mail or send a notice of each Annual or Special
       Meeting, stating the purpose thereof, as well as the place and the time it is to be held, to
       each Apartment Owner, at least 7 days but not more than 15 days prior to such meeting.
       The mailing or sending of a notice in the manner provided in this Bye-law shall be
       considered as notice served.

15.2   The said Notices will be either by ordinary post or by hand delivery to each of the
       Apartment. Apart from the dispatch stated above, the said Notices will also be put up on
       the notice board at least 10 days before the meeting is to be held.

16.    ADJOURNED MEETINGS:
       If the meeting of owners cannot be organized because a quorum has not attended, the
       owners who are present, may adjourn the meeting to a time not less than 48 hours from the
       time of original meeting was called. If at such adjourned meeting also, no quorum is
       present, the owners present in person, being not less than 20% shall form a quorum.

17.    ORDER OF BUSINESS:


                                                                                                   4
       The order of business, at all meetings (special or general) of the Owners of all units, shall
       be as follows:

       a.     Roll Call;
       b.     Proof of notice of meeting or waiver of notice;
       c.     Reading of minutes of proceeding of the meeting;
       d.     Reports of Board if any;
       e.     Unfinished Business, if any;
       f.     New Business.
                                        CHAPTER – IV
                               BOARD OF OFFICE BEARERS
18.    MANAGEMENT OF ASSOCIATION:
       The affairs of the Association shall be governed by a Board of Office Bearers.

19.    POWERS AND DUTIES OF BOARD:
       The Board shall have the powers and duties necessary for the administration of the affairs
       of the Association and may do all such acts and things as are not by law or by these Bye-
       laws directed to be exercised and done by the Owners.

20.    OTHER DUTIES:
       In addition to the duties imposed by these Bye-laws, or by regulations of the Association,
       the Board shall be responsible for the following, that is to say;

20.1   Care, upkeep and surveillance of GREENLEAF TRANQUIL and the common areas
       facilities and the restricted common areas and facilities;

20.2   Collection from the owners annually of the maintenance charges and any Municipal Taxes
       for common areas

20.3   Employment, Remuneration and Dismissal or the personnel necessary for the maintenance
       and operation of the common areas and facilities and the restricted common areas and
       facilities.

20.4   To provide for the manner in which the audit and accounts of the Association, all be
       carried out.

20.5   To inspect the accounts kept by the Treasurer and examine the registers and account books
       and to take steps for the recovery of all sums due to the Association.

206.   To sanction working expenses, for maintenance of the Building.

20.7   To see that the Cash Book is written up promptly and is signed monthly by one of the
       Members of the Board authorized in this behalf.

20.8   To hear and deal with complaints.

21.    ESTATE OFFICER:



                                                                                                  5
      The Board may employ for the GREENLEAF TRANQUIL an Estate Officer, at a
      compensation determined by the Board, to perform such duties and services as the Board
      shall authorize, including but not limited to, the duties listed in Bye-law 21.

22.   VACANCIES:
      Vacancies in the Board of Managers caused by any reason other than the removal of a
      Manager by a Vote of the Association shall be filled by vote of the majority of the
      remaining Manager, even though they may constitute less than a quorum and each person
      so elected shall be a Manager until a successor is elected at the next Annual Meeting of the
      Association.

23.   REMOVAL OF MANAGERS:
      At any regular or special meeting, duly called, any one or more of the Managers may be
      removed, with or without cause, by a majority of the Apartment Owners and a successor
      may then and there be elected to fill the vacancy thus created. Any Manager whose
      removal has been proposed by the Owners shall be given an opportunity to be heard at the
      meeting.

24.   ORGANISATION MEETING:
      The First Meeting or a newly elected Board of Managers shall be held within ten days of
      election at such place as shall be fixed by the Managers at the meeting at which such
      Managers were elected and no notice shall be necessary to the newly elected Managers, in
      order to legally constitute such meeting, provided a majority of the whole Board shall be
      present.

25.   REGULAR MEETINGS:
      Regular Meetings of the Board of Managers may be held at such time and place as shall be
      determined from time to time by a majority of Managers, but at least two such meetings
      shall be held during each year. Notice of regular meetings of the Board shall be given to
      each Office Bearer, personally, or by mail or telegraph or email at least three days prior to
      the day named for such meetings.

26.   SPECIAL MEETINGS:
      Special Meetings of the Board of Managers may be called by the President on three days’
      notice to each Manager, given personally or by mail or email telegraph, which notice shall
      state the time, place (as hereinabove provided) and purpose of meeting. Special Meetings
      of the Board shall be called by the President or Secretary in like manner and on like notice
      on the written request of at least three Managers.

27.   WAIVER OF NOTICE:
      Before or at any meetings of the Board, any Manager may, in writing, waive notice of such
      meeting and such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice.
      Attendance by a Manager at any meeting of the Board shall be a waiver of Notice by him
      of the time and place thereof. If all the Managers are present, at any meeting of the Board,
      no notice shall be required and any business may be transacted at such meeting.

28.   QUORUM:



                                                                                                 6
      At all meetings of the Board of Managers, at least three of the total strength of the
      Managers shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the acts of the
      Managers present at a meeting, at which quorum is present, shall be the acts of the Board.
      If, at any meeting of the Board, there be less than a quorum present, the majority of those
      present may adjourn the meeting, from time to time. At any such adjourned meeting, any
      business which might have been transacted at the meeting, as originally called, may be
      transacted without further notice, provided there is a quorum present, failing which the
      decision of the President on such issue shall be considered final to be ratified by the
      General Body Meeting.

29.   DECISION BY CIRCULATION:
      The Board of Managers can take decision with regard to any of the issues even by
      circulation and if by circulation, the quorum is required for passing of Resolution is made,
      the said Resolution shall be deemed to have been passed by circulation.

                                       CHAPTER – V
30.   DESIGNATION:
      The Principal Officers of the Association shall be a President, Vice President, a Secretary
      and a Treasurer, all of whom shall be elected by and from the Board of Managers.

31.   ELECTION OF OFFICE BEARERS:
      The Board of Managers shall be elected at the end of every 2 years who shall hold the
      Office for the next 2 years and the elected members amongst themselves will appoint their
      President, Secretary and a Treasurer.

32.   PRESIDENT
      The President shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Association. He shall preside at
      all meetings of the Association and of the Board. He shall have all of the general powers
      and duties which are usually vested in the office of President of an Association, including,
      but not limited to the power to appoint committees from among the owners from time to
      time as he/she may in his/her discretion may decide to be appropriate to assist in the
      conduct of the affairs of the Association.

33.   VICE-PRESIDENT
      The Vice-President shall take the place of the President and perform his/her duties
      whenever the President shall be absent or unable to act. If neither the President nor the
      Vice-President is able to act, the Board shall appoint some other members of the Board so
      to act on an interim basis. The Vice-President shall also perform such other duties as shall
      from time to time be imposed upon him/her by the Board.

34.   SECRETARY:
      The Secretary shall keep the minutes of all meetings of the Board and the minutes of all
      meetings of the Association, he shall have charge of such Books and papers as the Board
      may direct and he shall, in general, perform the entire duties incidental to the Office of
      Secretary.

35.   TREASURER:

                                                                                                7
       The Treasurer shall be responsible for Association funds and securities and shall be
       responsible for keeping full and accurate accounts of all receipts and disbursements in
       books belonging to the Association.

36.    OPERATION OF BANK ACCOUNTS:
       The Association shall open a Bank Account in any of the Nationalized/Scheduled Banks
       which account shall be operated under the joint signatures of the President and the
       Treasurer or any person delegated by either of them.

37.    EXCESS FUND:
       Any excess fund belonging to the Association can be invested in any
       Nationalized/Scheduled Bank in any Fixed Deposit Schemes pursuant to Resolution passed
       by the Board of Managers.

                                         CHAPTER – VI
                     OBLIGATIONS OF THE APARTMENT OWNERS
38.    ASSESSMENT:
       All owners are obliged to pay in advance, annual assessments imposed by the Association
       to meet all expenses relating to maintenance of the Building, repairs, day to day outgoings,
       monthly salaries, etc., which may include an insurance premium for a policy to cover
       repair and re-construction work in case of hurricane, fire, earthquake or other hazards or
       calamity. The assessment shall be made at pro rata basis at the percentage of the undivided
       share in the Schedule Property acquired by the Owner.

39.    MAINTENANCE AND REPAIR:
       Every Owner must perform promptly, all maintenance and repair work within the
       respective Unit, which if omitted would affect the Building entirely or in a part belonging
       to other owners, being expressly responsible for the damages and liabilities that his/her
       failure to do so may endanger.

40.    All the repairs of internal installations of the Unit such as water, light, gas, power,
       sewerage, telephones, air-conditioners, sanitary installations, doors, windows, lamps and
       all other accessories belonging to the Unit area shall be at the expense of the respective
       Apartment Owner/s.

40.1   An Owner shall reimburse the Association for any expenditure incurred in repairing or
       replacing any common area and facility the maintenance of the common areas a Pathways,
       Roads, Gardens, Club House, Swimming Pool, and Boulevards etc., and will be met from
       the funds contributed by the Members.

41.    USE OF DWELLING UNITS/INTERNAL CHANGE:

41.1   All Units shall be utilized for residential purpose only.

41.2   An Owner shall not make any structural modifications or alterations in the Unit or
       installations located therein without previously notifying the Association in writing
       through the President of the Board, if no Estate Manager is employed. The Association
       shall have the obligation to answer within fifteen days and failure to do so within the


                                                                                                 8
       stipulated time shall mean that there is no objection to the proposed modification,
       alteration or installation.

42.    USE OF COMMON AREAS AND FACILITIES AND RESTRICTED COMMON
       AREAS AND FACILITIES:

42.1   An Owner shall not place or cause to be placed in the lobbies, vestibules, stairways,
       elevators and other areas of Building and facilities of a similar nature, both common and
       restricted, any furniture, packages or objects of any kind. Such areas shall be used for no
       other purpose than for normal transit through them and as common use.

       The Owners shall not claim any right of undivided share in land in the property on which
       the common amenities are situated as on only the built up area is added to the SBA of the
       individual apartments and no UDS in land attributed to any of the Owners in the composite
       body GREENLEAF TRANQUIL.

42.2   The Owners shall use the other facilities viz., games rooms, common garden, club house,
       swimming pool and other facilities area in prudent manner and any loss or damage caused
       to the games room or any of the items therein shall be paid for by the Owner causing such
       damage which may include repair of such items or replacing thereof.

43.    RIGHT OF ENTRY:

43.1   An Owner shall grant the right of entry to the Estate Manager or to any other person
       authorized by the Board of Association in case of any emergency originating in or
       threatening his/her Unit, whether the Owner is present at the time or not.

43.2   An Owner shall permit other owners, or their representatives, when so required, to enter
       his/her Unit for the purpose of performing installations, alterations or repairs to the
       mechanical or electrical services, provided that requests for entry are made in advance and
       that such an entry is at a time convenient to the owner. In case of an emergency, such right
       of entry shall be immediately permitted.

43.3   The open area between the Blocks of the Apartments and the open path, pathways, Road,
       Gardens, etc., in the Ground Floor or the Upper Floors shall be used only for the purpose
       for which it is meant for and only as open area by all the owners, however an Owner may
       with previous written permission reserve the said common area for hosting a private
       function or a party subject to payment of the amounts that may be fixed by the Board of
       Members from time to time. The use of the said open area for any private purpose shall be
       governed by the Rules and Regulations set out herein below.

43.3.1 The guest using the said garden area during the private function/party will be restricted to
       their movement in the said garden area.

43.3.2 The use of the garden area during private parties/function shall be restricted up to 10.00
       pm only.

43.3.3 The payments for such private parties/function shall be made in advance before the Board
       of Officers grants permission for such use.




                                                                                                 9
43.3.4 The Owner making use for private functions/party will take care that no nuisance is caused
       during such function.

43.3.5 The Owner using the said garden area for private function/party will undertake to clear the
       garden area after the party/function.

43.3.6 The Owner causing any damage to the garden will be required to pay for such damage to
       the lawn area or articles placed in the garden area.

43.3.7 The Owner wanting to use the said garden area for private function/party will also be
       required to pay the deposit over and above the charges for such use, which deposit shall be
       refunded on clearing the garden area of all wastages, garbage or replacing of any damage
       done.

43.3.8 In the event of the Owner taking the garden area for private function/party failing to
       comply with the aforesaid rules, the Board of Officers from and out of the amounts
       deposited will be entitled to remove all the garbage’s, debris and replace any damage that
       may be cause.

44.    GARDEN AND TERRACE AREA:
       The Garden Area will be common to all the Apartment Owners. All the Apartment Owners
       can use and enjoy the Garden Area.

44.1   The Owners occupying the Third Floor bearing Apartment No.301 and 302 will be entitled
       to the exclusive use of the Terrace above their Apartments thereto and none of the other
       owners will interfere in the use and enjoyment of the said Terrace area and such use and
       enjoyment shall always be attached to the said Apartments and as and when the said
       Apartment is transferred to any other Purchaser/Owner, such exclusive Terrace Area
       attached to the said Apartment shall also stand transferred to such new Purchasers for the
       enjoyment and use of the New Owners.

45.    RULES OF CONDUCT:

46.    No resident of the Building shall post any advertisement or posters of any kind in or on the
       building except as authorized by the Board of Members in writing.

46.1   Residents shall exercise extreme care about making noises or the use of musical
       instruments, radios, television and amplifiers that may disturb others. Residents keeping
       domestic animals shall abide by the Municipal Sanitary Bye-laws or Regulations and such
       rules the Owners Association may make.

46.2   It is prohibited to hand garments, rugs etc., from the windows, balconies or from any of the
       facades of the Building.

46.3   It is prohibited to dust rugs etc., from the windows or to clean rugs etc., by beating on the
       exterior part of the said Apartment building.

46.4   It is prohibited to throw garbage or trash outside the disposal installations provided for
       such purposes in the service areas. If such installation is not provided all garbage or trash
       shall be collected in a vessel and thrown in the Municipal Dust Bin.


                                                                                                 10
46.5   No Owner, resident or lessee shall install wiring for electrical or telephone installation,
       television antennas, machines or air-conditioning units etc., on the exterior of Building or
       that which protrude through the walls or the roof of that Apartment Building except as
       authorized by the Association.

46.6   The Board of Members will make Rules for the use of the Gymnasium, club House, Open
       Area/Garden area which will be adhered by all the Owners.

46.7   Any owner desirous of disposing of his Unit will prior to such disposal take a No
       Objection for such sale and such No Objection shall be subject to payment of Transfer Fee
       as set out in Chapter VII.

                                        CHAPTER – VII
                            FUNDS AND THEIR INVESTMENTS
47.    FUNDS:
       Funds may be raised by the Association in all or any of the following ways viz.,

47.1   From common profits which shall form the nucleus of the Reserve Fund.

47.2   Upon the sale of an apartment, the Purchaser of such apartment shall automatically and a
       mandatorily become as Member of the Association and he/she shall have to pay such sum
       as decided by the Executive Committee from time to time as Transfer Fee to the
       Association. The Purchaser shall also pay the Monthly Maintenance Chagres as applicable
       for a Member in these Byelaws.

47.3   Sinking fund deposits that may be authorized in any Annual General Body Meeting.

48.    INVESTMENT:
       The Association may invest or deposit its funds in one or more of the following:

48.1   In any Nationalized Bank/Scheduled Bank.

48.2   In any of the securities specified in Section 20 of the Indian Trust Act, 1882;

49.    ACCOUNTS:
49.1   A Banking Account shall be opened by the Association in to which all moneys received on
       behalf of the Association shall be paid, provided that the Secretary may retain in his
       personal custody an amount not exceeding Rs.10,000/- for petty expenses. All payments
       above Rs.500/- shall be made by Cheques signed by the Secretary and one Member of the
       Board of Members.

49.2   Any Estate Manager appointed by the Board of Members shall maintain the proper
       accounts with regard to all the expenses incurred for the Building.

49.3   The Association shall, on or before 31st May in each year, publish an Audited Annual
       Financial Statement in respect of the common areas and facilities containing:

       47.3.1 the profits and loss accounts’



                                                                                                11
       47.3.2 the receipts and expenditure of the previous financial years and;

       47.3.3 a summary of the property and assets and liabilities of the common area and
       facilities of the association giving such particulars as will disclose the general nature of
       these liabilities and assets and how the value of fixed assets has been arrived at;

49.4   The Audited Financial Statement shall be open to the inspection or any member of the
       Association, during Office hours and in the Office of the Association and a copy there of
       shall be submitted to the competent Authority not later than 15th August every year.

49.5   Every Financial Statement shall be accompanied by a complete list of the Apartment
       Owners. There shall also accompany the Financial Statement, a similar list of loonies. The
       Financial Statement shall state up to what date profits and expenses of the common areas
       are included.

50.    PUBLICATION OF ACCOUNTS AND REPORTS:
       A copy of the last Financial Statement and of the Report of the Auditor, if any, shall be
       kept in a conspicuous place in the Office of the Association.

51.    APPOINTMENT OF AUDITORS:
       The Association shall appoint at its General Meeting, an Auditor who shall audit the
       accounts of the Association to be prepared by the Board as hereinbefore provided and shall
       examine the annual return and verify the same, with the accounts to be correct and shall
       either sign the same as found by him to be correct, duly vouched and in accordance with
       law, or specially report to the Association, in what respect he finds it incorrect, un-vouched
       or not in accordance with law.

52.    POWER OF AUDITORS:
       The Auditor shall be entitled to call for and examine any papers or documents belonging to
       the Association relating to the common areas and facilities (including limited common area
       and facilities) and common expenses and shall make a special report to the Association
       upon any matter connected with the accounts which appears to him to require notice.

                                        CHAPTER – VIII
                                         MORTGAGES
53.    NOTICE TO ASSOCIATION:
       An owner who mortgages his/her Unit shall without fail, notify the Association through the
       Manager, if any, or the President of the Board in the event there is no Manager, the name
       and address of his/her mortgagee and the Association shall maintain such information in a
       book entitled “MORRGAGEES OF UNITS”.

54.    NOTICE OF UNPAID ASSESSMENTS:
       The Association shall, at the request of a mortgagee of a Unit report any unpaid assessment
       due from the Owner of such Unit.

                                         CHAPTER – IX
                                         COMPLIANCE


                                                                                                  12
55.   COMPLIANCE:
      These Bye-laws are set forth to comply with the requirements of the Karnataka Apartment
      Ownership Act, 1972. In case, any of these Bye-laws conflict with the provision of the
      said Act, it is hereby agreed and accepted that the provisions of the Act will apply.

56.   SEAL OF THE ASSOCIATION:
      The Association shall have a common seal, which shall be in the custody of the Secretary
      and shall be used only under the authority of a resolution of the Board of Managers and
      every Deed of Instrument to which the seal is affixed, shall be attested for or on behalf of
      the Association by two members of the Board and the Secretary or any other person
      authorized by the Association in that behalf.

                                       CHAPTER – X
             AMENDMENTS TO BYE-LAWS APARTMENT OWNERSHIP
57.   AMENDMENT OF BYE-LAWS:
      These Bye-laws may be amended by the Association in a duly constituted meeting for such
      purpose and no amendment shall take effect unless approved by Owners representing at
      least 2/3rd of the total number of all Apartments in the Building as shown in the
      Declaration.




                                                                                               13
